Create a English NNN-word description on the topic: "TEXT".
Examples: 
"cyborg woman| with a visible detailed brain| muscles cable wires| detailed cyberpunk background with neon lights| biopunk| cybernetic| unreal engine| CGI | ultra detailed| 4k".
"video games icons, 2d icons, rpg skills icons, world of warcraft items icons, league of legends items icons, ability icon, fantasy, potions, spells, objects, flowers, gems, swords, axe, hammer, fire, ice, arcane, shiny object, graphic design, high contrast, artstation - -uplight --v 4",
"2 warrior princesses fight, Dynamic pose; Artgerm, Wlop, Greg Rutkowski; the perfect mix of Emily Ratajkowski, Ana de Armas, Kate Beckinsale, Kelly Brook and Adriana Lima as warrior princess; high detailed tanned skin; beautiful long hair, intricately detailed eyes; druidic leather vest; wielding an Axe; Attractive; Flames in background; Lumen Global Illumination, Lord of the Rings, Game of Thrones, Hyper-Realistic, Hyper-Detailed, 8k, --no watermarks --no cape --testp --ar 9:16 --v 4 --upbeta",
"highly detailed matte painting stylized three quarters portrait of an anthropomorphic rugged happy fox with sunglasses! head animal person, background blur bokeh! ! ; by studio ghibli, makoto shinkai, by artgerm, by wlop, by greg rutkowski --v 4",
"a photo of 8k ultra realistic archangel with 6 wings, full body, intricate purple and blue neon armor, ornate, cinematic lighting, trending on artstation, 4k, hyperrealistic, focused, high details, unreal engine 5, cinematic --ar 9:16 --s 1250 --q 2",
"helldog, cerberus, red dog, big dog, 3 heads, rotten skin, background gate of hell, background hell, character design, side view, full body view, full body, aggressive stil, mythic still, unreal engine, hyper-detailed",
"faeries in a bubble gum world , cinematic view, cinematic lighting, HD, 8k, unreal engine 5, full realistic, landscape, octane, high details, unreal engine 5, octane render, cryengine, volumetric lighting, cinematic, mood, dust, particles, particle effect, atmosphere, ray tracing, uhd, lighting rendered in Unreal Engine 5 and Cinema4k, Diffraction Grating, Ray Tracing Ambient Occlusion, Antialiasing, GLSL-Shaders, Post Process, Post Production, Cell Shading, Tone Mapping, photorealistic --v 4",
"bronze metal raven, magical automaton, intricate details --v 4",
"person = barbara palvin as undead necromancer lich. looks =dark straight hair, feminine figure, gorgeous, pretty face,beautiful body, wings, beautiful symmetrical glowing red eyes, two beautiful smooth silky legs:: pose = arms around body, Dragon with Massive Wings spread completely behind back:: shape = dance pose, curvy body, anatomically correct and fully showing symmetrical female chest, anatomically correct female torso and belly button, complete smooth pretty human arms and fingers, symmetrical face. clothing = revealing outfit, A pair of wearing a ivory breastplate and full-body-jewelry harness made from ice jewels :: environment = cemetary with frost aura ::details = highly detailed clothing,clear face that is fully shown, hyper quality style, top shelf jewelry with jewel arrays = dark fantasy, realistic, full female-body shot, both lower and, upper lips are completely down in clear detail, 3d printed:: artist = cgsociety, artgerm, trending on artstation, by victor titov. --video --s 3250 --seed 909101793 --ar 10:18 --q 1.5 --no amputees --no blur DOF --no fractals --v 3",
"two lovers as neural networks embracing, beautiful, intricate details, cinematic lighting, beautiful concept art, surreal, art station",
"realistic photograph of police nousr robot in modern city, cyberpunk, character design, detailed face, highly detailed, intricate details, symmetrical, smooth, digital 3d, hard surface, mechanical design, real-time, vfx, ultra hd, hdr"



After you create a description (not included in the word limit):
If in the description that you created a landscape described, then add "landscape, many details, a lot of detail" at the end.
If the description you created describes a portrait then add "focused, blured background, body, portret" to the end.
If the description you created describes a full-length person, then add "full-body, legs, arms" to the end.
If you are describing things that can have reflections, then add "reflection".

Always! Add at the end one of the types of lighting that suits better to the end  in format: "Lighting: ". Here is the list: Spot Lighting, Rear light, Dark Light, Blinding Light, Candle Light, Concentrated Lighting, Twilight, Sunshine, Sunset, Lamp, Electric Arc, Moonlight, Neon Light, Night Light, Nuclear Light, Cinematic Light or similar.
Always! Add one of the styles that fits better to the end in format: "Style: ". Here is the list: 16-bit, 1800, 1980, anime, 8-bit, Amber, Anatomical Drawing, Ancient, Animiter, Arabic, Black Hole, Heavenly, Chromatic, Comics, Concept, Cinematic, Unreal Engine 5, Octane Render, Cry Engine or similar.
After the description, a more suitable style and type of lighting should always be written.
Always! Add 5 additional parameters in the format: "Details: ". Here is a list of possible:: mood, dust, particles, particle effect, atmosphere, ray tracing, uhd, lighting, Diffraction Grating, Ray Tracing Ambient Occlusion, Antialiasing, GLSL-Shaders, Post Process, Post Production, Cell Shading, Tone Mapping and similar and any similar ones that will add the atmosphere to the description.

At the end it should be like this: "A Victorian-style chair with chrome and ornate decorations reflects a distorted image in the water on the ground. The intricate patterns on the chair add an air of sophistication and elegance to any room. Lighting: Candle Light. Style: Victorian. Details: Cell Shading, atmosphere, ray tracing."
